= wizard

http://slightlycoded.com/project/wizard

== DESCRIPTION:

Wizard is a a floating, dynamic action panel for site navigation and control. Wizard uses jQuery and for DOM manipuation. The Gem provides libraries for faciliting this process. This gem also provides ActionView Helpers and Module extensions for ease of configuration.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

Executables
	- make_wizardly : copies javascript and css files used with wizard

== SYNOPSIS:

One useful way of using this gem is as an administration panel. Take a blog for instance. While you want to administer your site you can do so with the help of the Wizard panel. This panel could list a set of links for you to navigate to, things like a new blog post link, comments section. 

Also, if a div has the wizard class assicated with it, a link to that div's id will be added to the panel to edit or delete that link. So say you are viewing your blog index. At the top level div defining each blog post you can click on that div, and the wizard panel will show you a link to edit or delete that blog post's id.

== REQUIREMENTS:

- jQuery 1.3.2
- jQuery Ui Core and Draggable

== INSTALL:
	sudo gem install wizard
	rails new_project
	cd new_project
	make_wizardly

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 FIXME full name

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.